# Reflection

In this assignment you've learned very basic HTML and CSS, the content and presentation layers of the web. Take this opportunity to think about how they might relate to your work as a historian. 

## Question 1 (150 words)
#### In Part 2, we explored the use of semantic elements such as `<header>`, `<article>`, and `<section>`. These elements make it easier for machines and non-visual browsers to navigate web pages. Why might this be important? (You might want to Google around a bit before answering!)
I believe that the ability to disect information into various parts i.e. through the use of semantic elements, is important because computers cannot ascribe meaning to the text it recieves. We, as the viewer of text, inherently view text within a certain structure/order of importance. These semantic tags allow the creator of a web page the freedom to instill their desired emphasis on given sections by making the division between sections explicit. In terms of the importance for machines, when a search engine attempts to scour various online documents, without a specific <header> tag or the various lines of metadata, the machine wouldn't know what to present to the potential viewer and thus the internet would be much more difficult to navigate as a user. Having this <header> tag allows for specific information to be shown in pieces, which also means accessability is dependent on the division of this information. If pages were simply walls of text without divisions, it would be neigh impossible for a non-visual browser to distingiush between the information on a news site for example.

## Question 2 (150 words)
#### In your CSS work, you learned how to change the presentation of material on the web without changing the content. Using a pen and paper, a drawing program, or (if you're feeling ambitious) real HTML and CSS, mock up 2 very different presentations of the information you displayed in your post. Put images of them on the Internet somewhere (but not in this repository) and link to them here. Write a brief paragraph discussing the effect of the presentaiton layer on the reader.
Link 1: https://imgur.com/gWObETp 
I chose this format because I believe that, while overall less information is being relayed, aesthetically this is a more appealing format to the user base that would be interested in this information. Seeing as Luis Scott Vargas is a Magic Pro, this presentation has both an increased chance of generating interest (meaning it is more likely to be shared and thus have a greater overall influence), and is a more creative use of the information which potentially could lead to better retention of what is being shared. Now this is all speculation, but I am working off the premise that "shareability" is extremely important in the digital age and because of this the information must be displayed in a creative way to catch a potential reader's eye. This format could be very difficult to navigate from an accessability standpoint as there would be a large amount of imagery that is not relevant to the historical/biographical information being presented.

Link 2: https://imgur.com/3ocU0wE
This format lends itself to a more direct user experience but ultimately is more fragmented. This could potentially be easier to navigate from an accessability standpoint as each section is clearly segmented. I think that this format leads to a much larger amount of information being shared as it can have a large number of branches attatched to a single page wherein people can choose what information they would like to see. This format also lend itself to sourcing information directly by linking to other pages. I think that this format is more "useful" but does not have the same impact as the card mockup due to its more information-oriented presentation.
